Are you all right?
I feel like something happened to your sister
Locator
Chen Lin is running around
Jiang Yue
We're still getting married.
Mr. Xiao Jiang
It's not good to throw Xiaorou on the line like this
Lao Yue, don't think I don't know it's you
I have given you all
The evidence of the crime has been collected
Ready to wear the old bottom
You'd better put your
Say everything you know
Otherwise, when the time comes
It's hard for me to guarantee that you won't be suspected
Was Zheng Rou dumped by the groom in public?
What are you doing?
A man named Wang Yu asked me to take revenge on you
And never be soft
How do you think I should get revenge?
Someone's coming for me soon
I advise you to stop as soon as possible
In this wilderness
I'll see who will save you.
Don't you know yet?
Wang Yu has been arrested
If you turn yourself in now
Maybe two less years
Really?
Then I'll have a good time before I go to jail